SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH THIS INFORMATION? When you use our App, we do not collect personal information. The data generated by the use of the application is stored securely, and we do not collect information beyond the user registration provided in the application.

SECTION 2 - CONSENT How is information collected and my consent collected?
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, such as marketing, we will ask you directly for your consent, or provide you with the opportunity to say no.

And if you want to withdraw your consent, how do you proceed?

If after you provide us with your data, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent so that we may contact you for continuous data collection, use or disclosure of your information at any time by contacting us at fabianodspereira@outlook.com or sending us a mail to: Fabiano de Souza Pereira, city of Florianópolis.

SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.

SECTION 4 - THIRD PARTY SERVICES In general, third party suppliers we use will not collect, use and disclose your information.

Links If there are any links now or in the future within our App and you click know that they may direct you outside our App. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites and we encourage you to read their privacy statements.

SECTION 5 - SECURITY To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure that it is not improperly lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.

SECTION 6 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon posting to the site. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that they have been updated so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and / or disclose it.

Política de Privacidade - pt
SEÇÃO 1 - O QUE FAREMOS COM ESTA INFORMAÇÃO? Quando você utiliza nosso App, não coletamos informações pessoais. Os dados gerados pelo uso do aplicativo são armazenados de forma segura, sendo que não coletamos informações além do cadastro de usuários fornecido no aplicativo.

SEÇÃO 2 - CONSENTIMENTO Como são coletadas as informações e o meu consentimento?
Se pedimos por suas informações pessoais por uma razão secundária, como marketing, vamos lhe pedir diretamente por seu consentimento, ou lhe fornecer a oportunidade de dizer não.

E caso você queira retirar seu consentimento, como proceder?

Se após você nos fornecer seus dados, você mudar de ideia, você pode retirar o seu consentimento para que possamos entrar em contato, para a coleção de dados contínua, uso ou divulgação de suas informações, a qualquer momento, entrando em contato conosco em fabianodspereira@outlook.com ou nos enviando uma correspondência para: Fabiano de Souza Pereira, cidade de Florianópolis.

SEÇÃO 3 - DIVULGAÇÃO Podemos divulgar suas informações pessoais caso sejamos obrigados pela lei para fazê-lo ou se você violar nossos Termos de Serviço.

SEÇÃO 4 - SERVIÇOS DE TERCEIROS No geral, os fornecedores terceirizados usados por nós não irão coletar, usar e divulgar suas informações.

Links Se existir algum link agora ou no futuro dentro de nosso App e você clicar saiba que eles podem lhe direcionar para fora do nosso aplicativo. Não somos responsáveis pelas práticas de privacidade de outros sites e lhe incentivamos a ler as declarações de privacidade deles.

SEÇÃO 5 - SEGURANÇA Para proteger suas informações pessoais, tomamos precauções razoáveis e seguimos as melhores práticas da indústria para nos certificar que elas não serão perdidas inadequadamente, usurpadas, acessadas, divulgadas, alteradas ou destruídas.

SEÇÃO 6 - ALTERAÇÕES PARA ESSA POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDADE Reservamos o direito de modificar essa política de privacidade a qualquer momento, então por favor, revise-a com frequência. Alterações e esclarecimentos vão surtir efeito imediatamente após sua publicação no site. Se fizermos alterações de materiais para essa política, iremos notificá-lo aqui que eles foram atualizados, para que você tenha ciência sobre quais informações coletamos, como as usamos, e sob que circunstâncias, se alguma, usamos e/ou divulgamos elas.

